[exciting opening theme music plays]
What? They're living together?
That's right.
You see, Mr. Oliva lives
with his girlfriend
right here inside the prison.
[Guevaru] Not only does he live
in this place with zero restrictions,
but he gets to have
his woman with him on top of that?
Man, if that's what prison life
is like for him,
why would he ever feel the need
to atone or repent for what he's done?
Well, repent and atone simply aren't words
that he'd ever really think
to concern himself with.
So what's this woman like?
The thing is that, uh,
no one's ever
actually set eyes on her before.
Well, then, how do you know she's here?
[old man] We've heard
quite a lot about her over the years.
But, uh, you know,
now that you mention it,
all that we've heard
has just been from Mr. Oliva's mouth.
The way he was carrying on about her,
I bet she must be a real beauty.
Come to think of it,
that's also something that
we've only heard from Mr. Unchained's--
Uh, Mr. Oliva's own mouth.
[Guevaru] Hmm.
It's gotta be a sham.
SUN
[Oliva] Maria, I continue
to be racked with agony.
[gentle piano music playing]
In this entire world,
there simply aren't enough words…
There are far, far too few
to adequately express a love
that goes way beyond the feeling
conveyed by the words, "I love you."
And yet, even if I knew
all the prettiest phrases,
what mere words could possibly
convey the fullness of this feeling
that's nestled beneath my pectoral muscles
and consumes my entire body and soul?
"I love you" is such a simple phrase.
It's just nowhere near enough.
I've come here today
with this indescribable feeling
weighing on my heart.
[knocks]
[door opening]
Far more than just love.
Maria, how are you feeling
on this magnificent day, huh, honey?
[Guevaru] Most likely, he just made up
this imaginary girlfriend
to give him another chance
to flaunt the freedom he has in this place
despite it being prison.
And also to bolster the image
he wants to project as Mr. Unchained.
To be completely honest with you,
we've all, sort of,
come to the same conclusion as you have,
but if even a rumor were to get out
about us thinking that way,
then all 4,000 of us
would be strangled to death.
Just watch. You'll see.
[old man] Oh?
[Guevaru] By the time
the sun rises two more times,
he'll be back to being
just another inmate.
One lowly inmate,
with no strength or girlfriend.
Hey, Kent, hold on to this jar for me.
Give it to me at the arena
right before the fight.
But never open it.
[eerie sting]
Or rain, wind, waves,
and lightning will jump out.
[grunts softly]
[groans softly]
[grunts]
Uh, come on, what's the matter, honey?
[hesitantly] I mean,
I came exactly when you told me to come.
And I brought a bouquet
of those roses you love so much.
[exhales slowly]
[object rustling]
[Oliva grunts] Uh!
[Maria] You are just so incompetent!
Useless! You're a loser!
You gluttonous brute!
Raging narcissist! Ungrateful child!
Absolute moron!
Womanizer! Complete imbecile!
Total piece of garbage!
[Oliva] Hmm.
[Maria breathing heavily]
Maria, are you all finished now?
[Maria grunts in exasperation]
-[yells]
-[grunts softly]
-[liquid pouring]
-[bottle clinks]
-[Maria yells]
-[grunts]
[magical whooshing]
[grunts]
[Oliva] I beg you.
At least try to be
in a better mood, honey.
[breathing heavily]
[crying] You idiot!
[Oliva grunts] I may be an idiot,
but I'm a happy one with you by my side.
[Maria exhales]
[moans]
Oh, darling!
[Oliva] Wait! Wait, wait, wait!
You called me "darling"!
[inhales deeply] "Darling"!
No! It's entirely too stimulating.
I just can't handle
hearing that word come out of your mouth!
I love you.
[moans ecstatically] Maria!
Maria, you're so beautiful!
I'm gonna win this fight for you, Maria.
I'll show you
just how much you mean to me.
-It's so much more than love! Maria!
-[bed creaking]
[Oliva grunting, giggling]
[old man] So, uh…
[Guevaru] Hmm?
You've been doing
the same thing since yesterday.
Holding that jar up to your ear
over and over.
Just what exactly are you listening to
in there when you do that, anyway?
You mentioned rain, wind,
waves and lightning…
[chuckles] I guess we're just eager
to find out what's inside there.
It holds courage.
[wind gusting]
[loud whoosh]
[wind fades]
[old man] What? It's courage?
[Guevaru] That's right.
There's pure courage inside here.
[suspenseful sting]
[somber guitar music plays]
It was the morning
after a record-breaking hurricane.
The day I was scheduled
to set off for the US.
Huh?
[birds singing]
[music continues]
Huh?
[ominous sting]
[music continues]
Up there's where you filled that jar?
[boy] Mm-hmm.
Last night, all night long,
in a spot like that…
[boy] Mm-hmm.
[grunts]
[sighs] You know, kid,
they say you're
the biggest weakling on this whole island.
[boy sighs]
-[Guevaru] Thank you.
-[gasps in surprise]
I'd say you're the bravest one here.
[music fades]
[narrator] If someone
looked in from the outside,
they'd see quite a strange site.
Despite being a prison
that holds over 4,000 inmates,
there wouldn't be
any guards at their posts.
As if, just for that day,
there weren't any inmates at all.
[men chattering and laughing]
[inmate outside] Yeah! Whoo-hoo!
Oh, man. [sighs]
-[guard 2] It's almost time, you know?
-Eh?
So who do you think's gonna win today?
Oliva, of course.
Funny, I think
it's gonna go the other way.
[guard 1] Hmm…
The rumor is that Mr. Oliva
is bringing his girlfriend.
Huh? So, wait, she's real?
Who knows?
I guess we're about to find out.
[narrator] Even though
private conversation
was supposed to be
forbidden in the prison,
the inmates talked as much as they liked,
since no one cared
about enforcing the rule, all because…
-Look! Here!
-[inmates] Ah!
-[inmates] Whoo!
-He's here!
-[inmates cheering]
-…no one would try to escape today.
[ominous music playing]
-Number Two!
-Your abs are lookin' great!
[inmate 1] Don't be such a bootlicker!
[inmate 2] You're the best pirate ever!
[dramatic music playing]
[gulps]
[wind whistling]
[music fades]
[inmates cheering]
This whole thing
is very exciting, isn't it?
Well, let me just answer
your question this way.
Even if one of the prisoners
did try to escape during all this…
[grunts nervously]
I still wouldn't take a single step away.
[guard nervously] Uh, I'll just pretend
I didn't hear that.
-[footsteps pounding]
-[object creaking]
[inmate 1] Here he comes!
[inmate 2] Oliva!
[inmates cheering]
[inmates gasping]
-[inmate 1] Whoo-hoo-hoo!
-[inmate 2] What the…
[inmate] What's he carrying?
Warden!
You're kidding me!
He actually brought her out!
His girlfriend…
-[dramatic sting]
-[inmate 1] It's a bed!
[inmate 2] A king-size bed, no less!
[inmate 3] I think his girlfriend's on it!
[inmate 2] She's supposed to be
super beautiful!
[inmate 1] I can't believe she's real!
[inmates] What's she look like?
Can you see her?
[inmate 2] Ah, I can't see a damn thing!
[inmate 1] I wanna see her!
-[Oliva grunts]
-[inmates gasp]
[whooshing]
-[Oliva grunts, strains]
-[bed creaking]
[grunts]
[thuds loudly]
[all gasping in surprise]
That's…
No way, that's…
His girlfriend?
[exhales]
[dramatic sting]
Hurry up
and get this thing started, already.
[narrator] At long last,
there she was in front of them,
the legendary girlfriend, Maria.
Once they finally saw her,
all 4,000 inmates had the same thought.
Later in life, when they were finally free
and could tell the story of this day,
how would they describe her
to someone else?
Despite their confusion,
one thing was perfectly clear.
And that was the term "large"
wouldn't even come close to covering it.
[inhales deeply]
What are all you staring at?
[hesitantly] They're not staring.
They're all simply admiring you, Maria,
and your incredible beauty!
[Maria] Ugh.
[grunts softly]
[spits]
[Oliva grunts in surprise]
Shut up! Don't give me that crap!
What could they
possibly see as beautiful?!
[all grunting uncertainly]
Absolutely anything
and everything about you.
I'm sure no one
would ever say anything different.
Every one of the 4,000 inmates
that are gathered here
can clearly see your beauty.
-[ominous sting]
-Isn't that right, you guys?
[inmates agreeing awkwardly]
[inmate 1] She sure is something! Uh-huh.
[inmate 2] Wow.
[inmates] I don't know
what she's doin' with you. Real jealous.
[inhaling deeply]
[clothes ripping]
[groaning]
[grunting]
[growling]
[all gasping]
[chuckles]
[inmates gasping]
[thuds lightly]
[intense heavy metal music plays]
[inmates cheering]
His tuxedo's just standing there!
-[Baki chuckles]
-He's like some insect that just molted.
No way!
[inmates] That's Oliva for you.
No one can beat him.
I've gotta go for a bit, Maria.
It's time for me to prove
just how strong your boyfriend truly is.
Hmm!
[wind whistling]
Your girlfriend is truly lovely.
It's a shame
you'll have to lose in front of her.
I'm sorry, Guevaru.
But thank you so much
for serving as my foil
to prove my strength!
[chuckles softly]
It's funny how much
the motivation for fighting differs
from person to person.
Look, the jar!
[Guevaru softly] And this is mine.
He's opening it!
-[mysterious music playing]
-[cork pops]
[air whooshing]
[wind gusting]
[exciting music playing]
[thunder and waves crashing]
-[wind whistling]
-[wave whooshes]
[sounds fade]
[cork squeaks]
That'll be plenty.
Now, let's get started.
[inmates cheering loudly]
[Guevaru] Mr. Oliva, could I ask you
to hold the corner of this bandanna?
Hmm.
Ah, Loser Lose, huh?
How nostalgic.
I played it quite a bit when I was a kid.
[intriguing music plays]
[narrator] Loser Lose is a contest
that was originally developed for duels
between European nobles
back in the 16th century.
While holding on
to opposite ends of a handkerchief,
the dueling men trade blows.
[punch lands]
The rules of the contest
are extremely simple.
-[strikes landing]
-If you let go, then you lose.
And as the name of the game suggests,
the one who releases the handkerchief,
the Loser, also loses their honor.
It's a simple game,
yet merciless at the same time.
The trivial action of holding on
to the edge of a handkerchief
represents one's will
to defend their honor.
It's a game with the most logical
yet profound of rules.
I know about you, J. Guevaru.
Your grandfather was
a master of Mugakure ninjutsu.
And he taught you everything you know.
What, is stalking me
a hobby of yours, Unchained?
[Oliva] Part of that style's training
is handstands,
starting by using all five fingers
to eventually just the thumb.
It requires incredible finger strength.
It seems to me your pride in that strength
is the reason you chose this contest.
So am I wrong?
Listen, if you're scared of the contest,
I'd be happy to change it,
but when it comes to
holding on to a handkerchief,
I'm sure that you're no slouch, either.
[Oliva] Hmm.
The tales about you
have reached all the way to my island.
Bending a coin in fourths in one hand,
while crushing a full beer in the other.
Lifting an ax when it's still buried
into the stump that it's chopped into.
Bending a railroad spike
with a single bare hand.
Okay, okay, enough. I get it.
What, is stalking me
a hobby of yours, Number Two?
So, you won't need a handicap?
[Oliva scoffs]
Are you stalling for time?
[Guevaru grunts softly]
[dramatic sting]
All right then, kid,
what do you say? We on?
Indeed.
We are most definitely on.
[inmates murmuring]
-[Guevaru yells]
-[brooding heavy metal music plays]
[both gasp]
[Guevaru grunts]
[grunts]
[Guevaru] I realize these punches
are nowhere near enough
to knock out
the strongest fighter in America,
but the thing is…
I don't need to knock him out.
[grunts]
Ooh, right on the chin.
So even if this isn't
enough to knock him out…
[grunts]
…if I can just get him to forget,
even just for a second,
forget the handkerchief,
forget its corner, forget he's holding it,
that's all I need.
-[handkerchief tightening]
-[strains, gasps]
[thuds softly]
-[all gasp]
-Whoa, look at that!
Oliva's giant body is being held up
just by that bandanna alone!
Guevaru's holding onto it with both hands,
but look at how Oliva's holding it!
[gasps]
Oh, hey, did you change up
your grip a little bit?
Clutching onto it
that hard with both hands
doesn't look too cool.
[Guevaru panting]
[Oliva] The aristocrats
who created the rules for this contest
must be rolling in their graves
right about now.
You know, I think
that I'll follow your lead
and change my grip up a bit too.
I mean, let's face it,
this grip simply
isn't gonna cut it anymore,
not compared to how you changed yours.
So, I think that
I'd like to change mine to this.
What do you think?
[gasps]
[dramatic sting]
-[inmates gasping in admiration]
-[inmate] His pinkie?
[Baki] He either has crazy confidence
in his grip strength…
-This is just ridiculous!
-The wind could blow it out of his hand!
…or it's strategy.
They say that the aristocrats
who came up with this game
ate and held their glasses
with their pinkies out.
[narrator] It may seem
completely meaningless at first glance,
but there's actually a purpose
to holding one's pinkie out like that.
It was a technique
created to conserve spices,
which were as valuable
as precious metals at the time.
And it was considered good manners
to pinch the spices
with the thumb and pinkie.
Which means that if their pinkie got wet
from a glass or something similar,
it would end up picking up
too much spice with each pinch.
Holding the pinkie out
was a custom created to avoid bad manners.
Do you understand
why I'm doin' this, Mr. Guevaru?
It's all about modesty.
I'm sure that you get it.
The Japanese blood
that flows through your body
practically cries out for modesty,
since it's perhaps
the most highly regarded virtue
in the Land of the Rising Sun.
So, tell me, how long are you going to
continue clutching this handkerchief
in such a vulgar manner?
Remember your modesty.
Yes, that's the way. Reclaim your pride.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Baki gasps]
[hair whistles, whooshes]
[music building]
-[high-pitched whine]
-[Oliva grunts]
[closing theme music plays]
Subtitle translation by: